feat(docs): added log level docu (#321)
meshcloud/meshcloud-docs: docs/meshstack.logging.md

All log file entries always start with an UTC datetime. This is followed by the log-level (DEBUG, INFO, WARN, ERROR, ...).

### Log in Meshfed

We've configured our Spring Boot Applications (meshfed, kraken and identityconnector) to support log level changing during runetime. To expose this functionality we're using actuator configuration
to expose `/actuator/loggers` endpoint to request all available components with there current log level.

For example:

```JSON
curl --location --request GET 'http://localhost:8080/actuator/loggers' \
--header 'Authorization: Basic <username-password>'

{
    "levels": [
        "OFF",
        "ERROR",
        "WARN",
        "INFO",
        "DEBUG",
        "TRACE"
    ],
    "loggers": {
        "ROOT": {
            "configuredLevel": "INFO",
            "effectiveLevel": "INFO"
        },
        "com": {
            "configuredLevel": null,
            "effectiveLevel": "INFO"
        },

>         "com.rabbitmq": {

Reviewer: d: Better provide an example for "io.meshcloud". And perhaps one for rabbitmq and one for http logging

Author: Fixed.

            "configuredLevel": null,
            "effectiveLevel": "INFO"
        },
        "com.rabbitmq.client": {
            "configuredLevel": null,
            "effectiveLevel": "INFO"
        },
        "com.rabbitmq.client.Address": {
            "configuredLevel": null,
            "effectiveLevel": "INFO"
        },
        "com.rabbitmq.client.impl": {
            "configuredLevel": null,
            "effectiveLevel": "INFO"
        },
        ...
    }
}

```

Based on this information we can change the log level for each component. For this we need to append the component name to the `/actuator/loggers` endpoint (e.g. `/actuator/loggers/com.rabbitmq`)
and we need to add the additional information which log level.

For example:

```JSON
curl --location --request POST 'http://localhost:8080/actuator/loggers/com.rabbitmq' \
--header 'Authorization: Basic <username-password>' \
--data-raw '{"configuredLevel": "WARN"}'
```

> All actuator enpoints are secured with basic auth. Only with the basic auth token we can request the endpoints `/actuator/loggers` and `/actuator/loggers/<any-component>`.

Reviewer: d: For internal documentation also mention where the credentials can be found (vault + which basic auth user do i have to search for and in which path can i find it?)

Author: Extended the docs and added the vault path `meshcloud-<environment>/prometheus`

> We've introduced an ansible script (`deployments/ansible/set_log_level.yml`) to change the log level for specific components. The log level can then be changed as follow: `ansible-playbook set_log_level.yml --extra-vars="log_level=debug"`.

Reviewer: d: It is not described in here how i would set the log level for i.e. "io.meshcloud.web". Please explain how to do this.

Author: Fixed

All log file entries always start with an UTC datetime. This is followed by the log-level (DEBUG, INFO, WARN, ERROR, ...).

### Log in Meshfed

> We've configured our Spring Boot Applications (meshfed, kraken and identityconnector) to support log level changing during runetime. To expose this functionality we're using actuator configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've configured our Spring Boot Applications (meshfed, kraken-worker, kraken-api, replicator and identityconnector) to support log level changing during runtime. To expose this functionality we're using actuator configuration
```

Author: Fixed

            "configuredLevel": null,
            "effectiveLevel": "INFO"
        },
        "com.rabbitmq.client.impl": {
            "configuredLevel": null,
            "effectiveLevel": "INFO"
        },
        "io": {
            "configuredLevel": null,
            "effectiveLevel": "INFO"
        },
        "io.meshcloud": {
            "configuredLevel": null,
            "effectiveLevel": "INFO"
        },
        ...
    }
}

```

Based on this information we can change the log level for each component. For this we need to append the component name to the `/actuator/loggers` endpoint (e.g. `/actuator/loggers/com.rabbitmq`)
and we need to add the additional information which log level.

For example:

```JSON
curl --location --request POST 'http://localhost:8080/actuator/loggers/com.rabbitmq' \
--header 'Authorization: Basic <username-password>' \
--data-raw '{"configuredLevel": "WARN"}'
```

All actuator enpoints are secured with basic auth. Only with the basic auth token we can request the endpoints `/actuator/loggers` and `/actuator/loggers/<any-component>`. You can find the necessary credentials in vault under `meshcloud-<environment>/prometheus`

> or you can get the creds from the vm under path `/opt/meshfed-api`. To connect to the machine you can use the anssh.sh script in `deployments` repository.

Reviewer: also mention that they are in application-local.yml

Author: I don't think that this information is relevant for delivery.
